Issues encountered while trying to run Tattle-Tale GitHub repo, on both Windows 11 OS Build 22621.3007 and Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.  
The first issue is that the python scripts for generating testcases store their contents in the parent folder of the GitHub repo.   This creates a breaking change in the Experiment.java class as the class looks for the testcases folder inside of the GitHub repo so the pathing fails.  
Issues encountered while trying to run Tattle-Tale GitHub repo, on  Windows 11 OS Build 22621.3007.  
The way that a connection to the MySQL database is established has a problem because when the connection is tested in `src/main/java/edu/policy/dbms/MySQLConnectionManagerDBCP.java` at line 77  
```
dataSource.setUrl(String.format("jdbc:mysql://%s:%s/mysql", SERVER, PORT));
```
when it looks for a database named `mysql` this causes the runtime execution to hard crash because it can't connect.  Additionally even if the database name exists in the database there will still be hard crashes during the runtime.  This is because the python test scripts instantiate the name of a data base and set it to a value, i.e. hospitaldb, and for each test run the program then tries to use that database name which if the name isn't in the running MySQL server then the program fails to connect.  Either way someone pulling the repo has to manually make these changes to get the repo to execute without crashing.  I think I had this same issue when I initially tried to use the tax mysql script to 
There is an issue where the readme doesn't fully explain the amount of either tables or permissions that the default `Kirby` user needs to complete the experiment.  If someone, i.e. like I did, just gives the default user the ability to `SELECT` from tables in the database when the repo runs there is an issue where it tries to locate the table `temp` but when it can't find this table it will continue.  This creates confusing behavior because the program can execute but it will always find the exact same cuesets for each algorithm, full den and k-percentile.  I haven't quite fully debugged this part yet but I hope to have it finished before Monday.  
It seems that these issues can be partially fixed by giving all privileges to the Kirby user.  However I ran into a problem that I have yet to fix where the program runs out of heap memory.  I tried to solve this using the settings in IntelliJ to increase the available memory but the program crashed before it reached the memory limit, about 10 GB.  
I tried using the btm script to deal with the memory heap issues but they still happened even when I gave IntelliJ 22 GB of available memory.  
Current Fixes:
1. Change line 77 of `src/main/java/edu/policy/dbms/MySQLConnectionManagerDBCP.java` from**  
```
dataSource.setUrl(String.format("jdbc:mysql://%s:%s/mysql", SERVER, PORT));
```
to  
```
dataSource.setUrl(String.format("jdbc:mysql://%s:%s/<YOURDATABASENAME>", SERVER, PORT)); 
```
2. In addition you need to change the user privileges for the default account named in the mysql.properties file to have all privileges on the database value you set in step 1.  

3. Change line 278 of your python

4. You'll need to edit the files generated by these python scripts the .json files contain values called `databaseName` which need to match the value that you used in step 1.  

5. You'll need to change line 25 of `src/main/java/edu/policy/execution/Experiment.java` from  
```
private static final File testCaseDir = new File(System.getProperty("user.dir") + "/testdata/testcases");
```
to  
```
private static final File testCaseDir = new File(<ExactPathNameToTestCases>);  

6. I heard from the developer that some of these settings could be fixed by running the testscripts in the testscript folder and by editing the testscripts by changing what they name the database.  I also learned that the taxes table shouldn't have issues with the heap size so that should give us a way to move forward.  